## mistaken for & mistaken as 被误认为
Usually, "mistaken for" is used when the speaker is refering to something with an identity (anything with mass)- that is a person, or an object.

Ex: He was _mistaken for_ her husband as he was sitting by her side.

"Mistaken as" is used when the speaker is refering to some kind of an action.

Ex: Since he spoke like an angel, his intentions were _mistaken as_ good \[or honorable\]

##  be out of the question 不可能
> (also be no question of (doing) sth)

to be an event that cannot possibly happen
+ A trip to New Zealand is out of the question this year.
	今年去新西兰旅行是不可能的了。
+ There's no question of agreeing to the demands.
	同意这些要求是不可能的。
	
## dredge sth up 翻旧账，重提
> to talk about something bad or unpleasant that happened in the past


##  whatever & no matter what 无论，不管
1. 引导名词性从句（只用 whatever）：
	Whatever he did was right．	无论他做什么都是对的。

2. 引导状语从句（两者可换用）：
	No matter what / Whatever you say，I won't believe you．	无论你说什么，我都不会相信你。

##  joking apart/aside 认真地说，不开玩笑
> said when you want to start speaking seriously about something after making jokes and laughing about it

1. Joking apart, will you be able to manage on your own?


## get (something) out of (sth or sb)	从…获益，得到…收获
>  to gain (something) from (sth or sb)
1. If I were going to violate the law, then I ought to get something out of it

> to take (something) from (something or someone)

2. The police officer got the gun out of the suspect's hand.

## not to be outdone 不甘落后，不服输，不甘示弱
> not wanting someone else to do something better than you

1. Pat was wearing an outrageous purple dress, so, not to be outdone, I put on my new gold suit.

## from scratch 从头开始，从零开始
>from the beginning, without using anything that already exists

1. Ben built the shed from scratch.

## take sth into account 考虑到；顾及
> to consider or remember something when judging a situation

1. A good architect takes into account the building's surroundings. 一位好的建筑师会考虑到建筑物的周边环境。